good morning go gang today we're gonna
attempt to read
five books in one day and joining me
for this study buddy sunday episode two
is michelle
hi this is michelle she loves reading
fiction books
has an insane lipstick obsession and her
blood is made of 90
bubble tea so many business related
books
um there is a picture book
but it's about developing your
creativity since oh i need that
yeah since you're uh doing youtube
recently
oh you even took notes i think this one
that's the one yeah
i started off today's challenge by
reading the war of art
yeah i wanna mess up your covers
[Music]
so you were reading still like an artist
that's one of my favorite books about
creativity how was it
it's pretty easy to read don't wait
until you know
who you are to get started that's one
thing i've always struggled with
starting
something i always think about oh uh
what are other
other people going to think recently i
did just start a youtube channel
definitely scary it's very very scary
the the moment i clicked that button i
just felt super nervous
my heart was beating out of my chest for
like the next three hours
so what did you learn from your book the
war of art
this book deals with procrastination
resistance
is the enemy within it's called the war
of art because
the whole book is about battling
resistance and
the different ways that resistance is
trying to take you down
but the different ways you have to fight
through that resistance
in order to create your art create your
work in order to
do anything that deprives yourself of
immediate gratification for long-term
gain
so improving yourself working out going
on a new diet things like that
i don't know about you but i'm getting a
little bit
stuffy in here oh yeah so let's go
take a deep breath outside
[Music]
20 20 has been a gloomy year so finally
getting back out into the sun
was like getting a warming brace from
your long miss friend
you didn't realize how much you missed
her until you actually saw her again
i'm talking about the sun because
vancouver has been raining all summer
[Music]
all right now we legit made it to
the lake in my backyard i own all this
i think getting out in nature in this
good weather is like a really nice way
to reconnect
relax a little bit and also focus
how far are you in your book i am
one third one third in one third okay i
just started a new book this one is high
performance habits
these are things i'm implementing to my
life but reading about them kind of
reminds me
of the things that are going to keep me
on track so
it's good to re-read books sometimes
i really like this book because all the
habits are backed up by
research and surveys and at the end of
each chapter the author gives you very
practical to do's
so you can implement what you read
wow the weather is like extremely
beautiful today
you just don't go outside that's why
take a whiff of that mother nature do
you smell those
oxygen particles
yeah let's see here we're actually
matching
we are matching this wasn't intentional
guys
why did you copy me you copied me
i wore my outfit first when did you wake
up today
like eleven okay i woke up at eight so
you copy me
at this point it's around 3 30 and i'm
about like halfway done the book
let me read you a quote the fundamentals
of becoming more productive
are setting goals and maintaining energy
and focus
no goals no focus no energy and you're
dead in the water
but i'm finding it a little bit hard to
concentrate when
the weather is this beautiful
[Music]
are you almost on your book almost
almost it was like
some things you learned so far so there
was a very important part of the book
that i thought
was applicable for anyone uh the whole
copying part
okay first you have to figure out who to
copy second you have to figure out what
to copy
so this book i've read it all these are
my highlights
what it's talking about is the good way
of copy where you
say where you found the source that's
the best way to get inspiration
so how is your book okay this book i
really like
because it's like it summarizes a lot of
productivity theories about how to be
more productive
well first of all in order to be
productive
you need to have a goal you need to be
working towards a goal so you can track
your progress
that's what productive means so what's
your goal right now
in terms of your life what are you
working towards work well
i just graduated and i'm in like this
phase where i haven't figured out what i
really want to do so i guess trying new
things
also looking at grad school so okay so
your prolific quality output would be
one researching stuff different fields
researched
that's one and another output would
technically be
application sent for whether it's jobs
or
grad school yep that sounds about right
nice
awesome do you feel like you've learned
a lot today
yeah definitely
what are you gonna say i definitely
learned a lot
yes great
you know what
i am so hot right now
yeah it's been it's been so hot these
days
and it's humid too so
i want to be a weekend lover yeah
[Music]
now we're on the home stretch trying to
finish the rest of our books before
sundown unfortunately i'm only gonna get
through three out of the five books
today but i'll save the rest for next
sunday
[Music]
me too all right so you just finished
this book is still like an artist
out of 10 what would you rate it i would
rate it
8 out of 10. well that's pretty high
i think it's mostly because there are a
lot of pictures in it
i like pictures it's free easy to read
all right um i reviewed this book i've
read previously it's called the compound
effect and basically
the whole book is talking about the law
of exponential success
and uh let me show you a graph that sums
up the whole book
real success looks like this
i'll probably make a future video on
this topic because it's one of the most
important
theories to get into your head when it
comes to
progressing improving and succeeding in
life so remember to like
comment and subscribe for the next study
buddy sunday
and that's gonna be on every sunday 8
30 am pst i'll see you there on the live
stream
peace